content/experiences/2018-05_ysi_fellowship.md, before:

---
company: 'YSI SEA'
role: 'Impact Fellows'
startDate: '2018-05-01'
endDate: '2018-08-31'
companyWebsite: 'https://www.instagram.com/ysiseasia/'
category: 'secondary'
subcategory: 'volunteer'
arrangement: 'part-time'
icon: '/images/companies/ysisea.webp'
location: 'Remote, Singapore'
isMilestone: FALSE
---

#### About

One of the 20+ fellows selected for the Southeast Asia program.

#### Contribution logs

My team of 4 was exploring ways to help migrant workers intra-ASEAN to achieve financial independence faster

- Researched root causes on why most migrant workers continue to do this kind of work despite earning higher income compared to living cost in their hometown
- Discovered that (1) most remittances sent back home by the migrant workers were not put into good use by their trustees
- Explored the idea of `earmarked` remittance — where instead of pure cash — it's a mix of money, food packages, children school fees, utility bill payments, saving products, etc
- Interviewed few migrant workers in their day-off around the Paya Lebar square
- Designed and developed the high-fidelity prototypes using Adobe XD
- Plan the pitching outline and design the deck

#### Other works contributed by my teammates

- Engaged with one of the leading PPOB startup in Indonesia with retail networks across tier 2 and tier 3 cities
- Engaged with respectable migrant working recruitment agency that champion ethical practice

#### Impact

- My team got invited to present our idea in other regional program
- My team praised for most well-defined solution

Commit message:

feat: enhance career content and calendar with career break support
- Update experience content for Instellar, YSI, university, and Brick roles
- Add detailed contributions to Head Growth Ops role (2023-07)
- Add isCareerBreak field to experience schema and template
- Improve career calendar card rendering and group layout
- Sync memory bank documentation and skill definitions

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019c0b56-eed2-7468-a85c-bc7ff59c547f
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

content/experiences/2018-05_ysi_fellowship.md, after:

---
company: 'YSI SEA'
role: 'Impact Fellows'
startDate: '2018-05-01'
endDate: '2018-08-31'
companyWebsite: 'https://www.instagram.com/ysiseasia/'
category: 'secondary'
subcategory: 'volunteer'
arrangement: 'part-time'
icon: '/images/companies/ysisea.webp'
location: 'Remote, Singapore'
isMilestone: FALSE
---

##### About

Selected as one of 20+ fellows for the Young Sustainable Impact Southeast Asia (YSI SEA) program — a regional innovation initiative supporting young changemakers developing sustainable solutions.

##### Contributions

Worked in a team of four exploring ways to help intra-ASEAN migrant workers achieve financial independence faster.

- Researched why many Indonesian blue-collar foreign migrant workers continue renewing their overseas contracts — even after a decade of work and steady savings — yet remain far from financial freedom.  
- Discovered that most remittances sent back home were often misused or poorly managed by trustees, limiting their long-term impact.  
- Explored the concept of **earmarked remittances** — blending monetary transfers with in-kind value such as food packages, school fees, utility bill payments, and savings products.  
- Conducted field interviews with migrant workers during their day off at Paya Lebar Square, Singapore.  
- Designed and developed high-fidelity app prototypes using **Adobe XD**.  
- Planned the pitch storyline and created presentation materials for the demo session.  

##### Collaborations (by teammates)

- Partnered with a leading **PPOB** (Payment Point Online Bank) startup in Indonesia with retail networks across tier 2 and 3 cities.  
- Connected with a reputable **migrant worker recruitment agency** recognized for its ethical employment practices.  

##### Impact

- Our team was invited to present the idea in another regional innovation program.  
- Recognized as having one of the *most well-defined and practical solutions* among all teams.
