content/experiences/_template_experience.md, before:

---
# Experience Entry Template
# Copy this file and rename it to create a new experience entry
# Filename convention: YYYY-MM_{company-slug}_{role-slug}.md

# Required fields
company: 'Company Name'
role: 'Job Title'
startDate: 'YYYY-MM' # Format: 2024-01
endDate: 'YYYY-MM' # Format: 2024-12, or "present" for ongoing roles

# Links
companyWebsite: 'https://example.com' # Optional, leave empty string if none

# Classification
# category: Determines which lane the entry appears in
#   - "primary"   → Work lane (main professional roles)
#   - "secondary" → Hustle lane (side projects, entrepreneurship)
#   - "tertiary"  → Not displayed in calendar view (archived/minor)
category: 'primary'

# subcategory: Type of work
#   - "work"            → Traditional employment
#   - "side project"    → Personal projects
#   - "entrepreneurship"→ Founding/co-founding ventures
#   - "teaching"        → Education, mentoring, training
#   - "study"           → Formal education, courses
#   - "volunteer"       → Non-profit, community work
#   - "consulting"      → Advisory, consulting roles
#   - "agency"          → Agency/studio work
subcategory: 'work'

# arrangement: Employment type
#   - "full-time"    → Standard full-time employment
#   - "part-time"    → Part-time employment
#   - "contract"     → Fixed-term contract
#   - "self-employed"→ Self-employed/founder
#   - "internship"   → Internship position
#   - "seasonal"     → Seasonal work
#   - "freelance"    → Freelance/independent contractor
arrangement: 'full-time'

# Visual
icon: '/images/companies/company-slug.webp' # Company favicon (e.g., "/images/companies/brick.webp")
location: 'City, Country' # Optional

# Special flags
# isMilestone: Mark as a milestone (single-point event, same start/end date)
#   - FALSE (default) → Regular experience entry with duration
#   - TRUE → Milestone entry (graduation, award, achievement)
isMilestone: FALSE

# isDeprioritized: Mark as lower priority for compact vertical display
#   - FALSE (default) → Normal horizontal card layout
#   - TRUE → Compact vertical text (bottom-to-top rotation), hugs content width
#   - Use for side projects/hustles that overlap with more important primary work
isDeprioritized: FALSE
---

Brief description of the role and key accomplishments.

- Key responsibility or achievement 1
- Key responsibility or achievement 2
- Key responsibility or achievement 3

Commit message:

feat: enhance career content and calendar with career break support
- Update experience content for Instellar, YSI, university, and Brick roles
- Add detailed contributions to Head Growth Ops role (2023-07)
- Add isCareerBreak field to experience schema and template
- Improve career calendar card rendering and group layout
- Sync memory bank documentation and skill definitions

Amp-Thread-ID: https://ampcode.com/threads/T-019c0b56-eed2-7468-a85c-bc7ff59c547f
Co-authored-by: Amp <amp@ampcode.com>

content/experiences/_template_experience.md, after:

---
# Experience Entry Template
# Copy this file and rename it to create a new experience entry
# Filename convention: YYYY-MM_{company-slug}_{role-slug}.md

# Required fields
company: 'Company Name'
role: 'Job Title'
startDate: 'YYYY-MM' # Format: 2024-01
endDate: 'YYYY-MM' # Format: 2024-12, or "present" for ongoing roles

# Links
companyWebsite: 'https://example.com' # Optional, leave empty string if none

# Classification
# category: Determines which lane the entry appears in
#   - "primary"   → Work lane (main professional roles)
#   - "secondary" → Hustle lane (side projects, entrepreneurship)
#   - "tertiary"  → Not displayed in calendar view (archived/minor)
category: 'primary'

# subcategory: Type of work
#   - "work"            → Traditional employment
#   - "side project"    → Personal projects
#   - "entrepreneurship"→ Founding/co-founding ventures
#   - "teaching"        → Education, mentoring, training
#   - "study"           → Formal education, courses
#   - "volunteer"       → Non-profit, community work
#   - "consulting"      → Advisory, consulting roles
#   - "agency"          → Agency/studio work
subcategory: 'work'

# arrangement: Employment type
#   - "full-time"    → Standard full-time employment
#   - "part-time"    → Part-time employment
#   - "contract"     → Fixed-term contract
#   - "self-employed"→ Self-employed/founder
#   - "internship"   → Internship position
#   - "seasonal"     → Seasonal work
#   - "freelance"    → Freelance/independent contractor
arrangement: 'full-time'

# Visual
icon: '/images/companies/company-slug.webp' # Company favicon (e.g., "/images/companies/brick.webp")
location: 'City, Country' # Optional

# Special flags
# isMilestone: Mark as a milestone (single-point event, same start/end date)
#   - FALSE (default) → Regular experience entry with duration
#   - TRUE → Milestone entry (graduation, award, achievement)
isMilestone: FALSE

# isDeprioritized: Mark as lower priority for compact vertical display
#   - FALSE (default) → Normal horizontal card layout
#   - TRUE → Compact vertical text (bottom-to-top rotation), hugs content width
#   - Use for side projects/hustles that overlap with more important primary work
isDeprioritized: FALSE

# isCareerBreak: Mark period of career where you do no primary full-time work.
#   - FALSE (default) → Regular experience entry with duration
#   - TRUE → Change background card to diagonal shades patterns of yellow-50 lines and <icon> with small yellow-500 dot
isCareerBreak: FALSE
---

Brief description of the role and key accomplishments.

- Key responsibility or achievement 1
- Key responsibility or achievement 2
- Key responsibility or achievement 3
